The comic above describe a scene that in the library,a teacher is answering the question of "How to do well without studying" toward a student,and she point to the fiction section.THe meaning of this cartoon is obvious to us .There is no cut-way in study.For student,the duty in scholl is study,whereas a lot of them donot have the passion in it.So they spend a plenty time to find how to get knowledge in a smart way,such as only learning the scheme of a subject,copying a classmate's homework or even  cheating.But in such way,the outcome may be not as good as they think.Study is a process needing much time in it.And only in hard working, can you get the solid knowledge structure.Most of the konwledge our learn will be used in the work,and there are various scenes in the future.If we can't find how to use knowledge in different situation,we only say we waste our time in scholl with a pity.With corrent method,it is not too hard to learn.With proper preview,carefully listening and essential exercis,there is no much tough time in it.I suggest student should cut off the illusion that there is a cross in study.

The comic is an ironical illustration that it is unadvisable to search for a shortcut to learning. The student tries to find a book named How To Do Well in School Without Studying in the library, but the truth is that there is no such a thing as a shortcut to learning.
It is the nature of study that requires a solid foundation. Just as we cannot build a castle in the air, neither can we obtain advanced knowledge through a shortcut, for even a slight shortcut can shatter the whole foundation. Also, although many students are averse to learning by note,there is no denying that only by note can one remember and learn the basic knowledge, thus achieving the possibility to study further in the future.
In conclusion, students should come to realize that there exists no shortcut in the study. Only by hard work can we lay the foundation for success.

The comic is an ironical illustration that it is not advisable to search for a shortcut to learning.The sutdent tries to find a book named How to do well without study in the library,but the truth is that there is no such a thing as a shortcut to learning.
It is the nature of study that requires a solid foundation.Jst as we cannot build a castle in the are, neither can we obtain advancesd konwledge through a shortcut,for even a slight shortcut can shatter the whole foundation.Also, although many students are averse to learning by not, there is no denying that only by note can we remenber and learn the basic konwledge,thus achieving the possibility to study further in the future.
In conclusion,students should come to realize that there exists no shortcut in the study.Only by hard work can we lay the foundation for success.


The comic is an ironical (ironic adj) illustration that it is unadvisable to serach for a shortcut to leaning.The sutent tries to find a book named How To Do Well in Scholl Without Studying in the library, but the truth is that there is no such a thing as a shortcut to learning.
It is the nature of study that requires a solid foundation.Just as we cannot build a castle in the are, neither can we obtain advanced knowledge through a shortcut, for event a slight shortcut can shatter the whole foundation.Also, although many students are averse to learning by note, there is no denying that only by note can one remember and learn the basic knowledge,thus achieving the possibility to study further in the futuer.
In conclusion,students should come to realize that there exists  no shortcut in stugy.Only by hard work can we lay the foundation for success.