Education plays a more and more significant role in the children's growth.
Education plays a more and more significant role in children's growth.
Education plays a more and more significant role in children's growth.

Coach can provide assistance for people to exercise better
Coach can provide assistance for people to exercise better
Coach can provide assistance for people to exercise bttter.

plays a significant role in . reform and opening-up policy. 
get someone out of . in the next five years. provide assistance for someone .
tackle with poverty.  make progress in . encourage some to do something. 
respond to . respond to. respond to. 


China is playing a more significant role in eliminating poverty before 2030 of the international community plan.
China plays a more and more significant role in helping international community to eliminate extreme poverty by 2030.
China plays a more and more significant role in helping international community to eliminate the extreme poverty by 2030.

China have got more than 400 million people out of poverty since the reform and opening-up policy in the last 1970s.
Sicne the reform and opening-up policy in late 1970s,China has helped to get 400 million people out of poverty.
Since the reform and opening-up policy in late 1970s, China has helped got more than 400 million people got out of poverty.

In the next five years,China will provide assistance for poverty reducation,education development,agriculure moderation,environment protection, and medical assurance towards other developing countries.
In the next five years, China will provide assistance for other developing countries to tackle with poverty, education development, agriculture modernization,environment protection as well as medical care.
 
China have make a great progress in poverty reducation and make effort to potmote the ecomomic development, which will encourage the other poverty countries to face up to challenges in their development road.
Chian have made remarkable progress in poverty reducation and also put effort in economic development promotion, which will encourage other poor countries to respond to the challendge.

These countries can learn the experience of China in finding their own characterised development road.
These countries can learn the experience of China when they seek to develop their own characteristics.
