
In China,parents always do their most to help their children,even for making desicions for them,without caring for what is the children want.The reason of why this happen is that they suppose it is good for the children.
As a result,the children's growing and education surrender to parents' willings.
If the parents decide enroll a curricular calss for their children,which can help the pass for the key school,they will insist the decision,even their childer having no interest in it.However,the American parents respect the children's oponions,especically in the important moment.May be the attitude the Chinese parents have for education is deserved for respect,hOWEVER,they should learn from American parents how to balance the relationship between parents and children.

be good for sb.
surrender to the wills of their parents.
modern world 
an extra-curricular class.
stick to one's dicision.
balance the relationship.

In China,the parents try every means to help their children and even make important decisions for them no matter what the children actually need, due to the thought that they believe that it is good for their children.
In China,parents always do their most to help their children,even for making desicions for them,without caring for what is the children want.The reason of why this happen is that they suppose it is good for the children.

As a result, the growth and education of the children tend to surrender to the wills of their parents.
As a result,the children's growing and education surrender to parents' willings

If the parents make a decision that signing up an extra-curricular class to increase the chance of being admitted to a key school,they will stick to their decision even if their children are not increased in it.
If the parents decide to enroll a curricular calss for their children,which can help the pass for the key school,they will insist the decision,even if their childer having no interest in it

In America,the parens may listen children's opinions and attach more importance to their decisions when making decisions.It may be worthy of praise for the Chinese parents to pay great importance to education.But the should learn form the American parents that how to balance the relationship between parents and their offspring when it is come to education.

.However,the American parents respect the children's oponions,especically in the important moment.May be the attitude the Chinese parents have for education is deserved for respect,hOWEVER,they should learn from American parents how to balance the relationship between parents and children.


























