

The cartoon above is describing a scene like this:A man is looking for some infomation he need but there are plenty of websites containing various words,and then he can not choose which one is correct.So he is complaining the bad Internet environment on the graph.
There is no doubt that we are living in a information world in which to get infomation is not a hard job.So why we still feel uncomfortable today.I think there are two major reasons.

Firstly,it is a ablity that needs a lot of exercise to distinguish which infomation is what we really need.The websites have make human being's interaction into a covenient way and also make the infomation explode in recent decades.A hundred years ago,there is a series of books named enclypice(encyclopedia),and now I think it is impossible to inclde all the konwledge.So for just one thing ,there is always different descriptions,which is a terrible situation for the one who has not touched with before.

And secondly,I think to just for the word correct we sometimes do not konw what does it means.For a common topic,there are plenty of people outputting their thinking.So who is the correct one or is there really existing the absolute correct answer.We often get into confusion in such situation.

It is a pity to say the development in Internet bring side effect into our daily life.We have to take much time to get the information we really need.But compared to having no method to get infomation in the past,I think today;s life is better.

By no means can we deny the fact that our parents love us .
By no means can we deny the fact that our parents love us.

Education department conveys to teachers the postponement of the exam.


As we can see form the picture, a man is sitting in front the Internet,while a woman is standing by the door,holding a cup of coffee.The most striking feathre is the caption of the picture,which reads"".
Simple as it is, what the picture conveys to us is thought-provoking.By no means we deny that the Internet is playing a increasingly significant role in our infomation society in that we can not be away with it every day.For instanc,we deal with all kinds of data and information by the Internet.Nevertheless,with a large mount information coming up,the severity of misleading information arise.Unfortunately,if we lack the ability to distinguish the ture information from the misleading one ,we will finally fall prey to it,because the misleading information may get propel into bad habits, event make them commit crimes.Numerous network fraud is a living example.
Form what have been discussed above,it is therefor necessary that some effective measures must be taken to prevent ourselves from being misled by junk information.and in my opinion,learing to identify the authoritive infoamtion is the most practical measure.


































