同位语
同位语及同位语从句的表示法和判别
在某一句子成分后面有另外的词、短语或从句（同位语从句）对该成分作进一步说明，在语法上又处于同一地位（即作同一个成分），称为同位语。

一、同位语在所说明的句子成分之后，其间没有逗号

unlike oxygen, the element [nitrogen] is not active.
in today's china, wwe [returned students] are able to do what we could not do before.
Thanks to the help of the experts they [each all] obtained great success.
They are all familiar with TV home shopping. 他们都熟悉在家进行电视购物。（谓语是 be 时，all 挪后。）

二、同位语前后有逗号、冒号或破折号。
Yesterday they each saw someone, a senior engineer.
The simplest atom, the hydrogen atom, contains one proton and one electron.
henry is there, near the window.
They make different types of computers, each with its characteristics.
agnes will visit two cities, beijing and shanghai.
we all have a common desire - to realize the four modernizations in china.

三、用 or 引出同位语
the boiling temperature, or boiling point, is the temperature at which a liquid boils under ordinary pressure.
under certain conditions this compound splits up, or decomposes, into two substances.
This weight equals one kilogram or 2.2046 pounds.
The energy of electric current, or of electricity in motion, may be converted to any other form of energy.

四、用 such as 或 as 引出同位语
Some solid fuels, such as wood and coal, are chiefly composed of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.
Some building materials such as cement and reinforcing bars are widely used in capital construction. 
Part of your job as a teacher is to really understand your pupils’ personal problems.

五、用 of 引出同位语，这时 of 前常是一个概括的名称，of 后是具体的东西或具体数值
This automobile is running at a speed of 70 miles an hour.
This liquid has a temperature of about 80℃
He worked in the city of Tianjin two years ago
Before Agnes there is a question of what to do first

六、用 namely, for example, including, particularly, that is (或 i.e.) 等引出同位语
There are two kinds of charges, namely, positive and negative (charges).
We have only one way of solving the difficulty, namely, to rely on our own efforts. 
In China there are many cities, for example, Beijing, Shanghai and Tianjin. 
Many of us, including Lin Hua, have been to Beijing zoo. 
I want to visit these modern factories, especially the one where you work. 

七、用连词 that 等引出从句作同位语，称为同位语从句。有时省略 that，造成难点
This experiment leads to the conclusion that unlike charges
 attract each other
The question "what are things made of?" is answered differently by different kinds of scientists. 
The fact that metals can be drawn into wires is known to us.
注 1：由连词 that 引导的同位语从句，它所说明的词常常是表示抽象概念的名词，例如 fact, idea, question, conclusion, news, doubt, theory, thought, evidence, order, proof, confidence 等。

注 2：同位语从句用疑问词引导时，就不再用 that；引导同位语从句的 that 是连词，本身无实在意思；that 在从句中不作成分。可利用这三点将同位语从句和用 that 引导的定语从句区分开。

注 3：注意同位语从句有时在其前面还可加用 namely, that is, that is to say 等词语（见上面第 8，9 句）。

注 4：有时甚至一个名词可能是整个句子的同位语。例如：The student said that he had missed his lessons because his mother had fallen ill, an excuse which the teacher accepted. 该学生说，他没有上课是因为他母亲病了——这是老师当时原谅他的原因。

八、判别时的几个注意点

Ⅰ. 区别 or 连接并列成分和引出同位语两种情况：

or 引出的短语前后都有逗号时，一般为同位语（见本节、十一、第 1-4 句）。or 前后没有逗号时，主要靠逻辑判别。例如：
In industry certain mixtures of metals or alloys are said to have been developed. 在工业中，人们说某些金属混合物即合金已经大大地发展了。（不要理解为“某些金属或合金的混合物”。）

从另一角度也可这么讲，or 前后两个词或词组表示同一事物，则为同位语，可译为“即”；若 or 前后表示的不是同一事物，则 or 引入两个不同事物，表示选择，可译“或”。

II. 区别用逗号隔开的同位语和一般的并列成分时，主要靠逻辑判断，有时可根据谓语的单复数来加以判别。

The result is carbon steel, one of the most important and useful of all alloys. 产品是碳钢，这是所有合金中最重要和最有用的合金之一。（同位语）
When water is cooled, ice, a solid, is produced. 当水冷却时，有固体冰产生。（主句谓语用单数形式 is，表明主语是一个单数名词。此外，solid 后有逗号，也就否定了它和 ice 并列，而更肯定了 solid 作同位语。）
An explanation of the fact is given by the atomic theory of crystals, the theory that in crystals the atoms are arranged in a regular order. 晶体的原子理论对这一事实作了解释。晶体的原子理论是说原于在晶体内是有规则地排列的。（句中 the theory 后接一个同位语从句，而这个 the theory 连同后面的同位语从句又作前面 the atomic theory of crystals 的同位语。因为本句中两个 theory 不是主语，不能根据谓语单复数来判别，就只能根据逻辑进行判别。）
III. 注意对 of 后引出的同位语的判别。在科技英语中使用这种结构时，of 前常为长度、速度、温度、压力、电阻等度量名称，of 后则为具体数字或代表数字的符号及因次单位。可利用这一点来进行判别。其它情况则注意逻辑判别。

If you lift a load weighing W pounds a distance of S feet, you have done WS foot-pounds of work. 如果你把重 W 磅的负荷举高 S 英尺这样一个距离，则你作了 WS 英尺·磅的功。（of 后的 S feet 为 a distance 的同位语，而句末 WS foot-pounds of work 系“数量词 + of…”结构，不是同位语关系。类似例子如：4 pounds of water 四磅水等。）

The city of Shanghai has been greatly changed. 上海市有了很大变化。（从逻辑上理解，只能是同位语。）

Ⅳ. 注意被说明的名词和同位语从句割裂的情况：

What supporting evidence is there that electrons are outside the nucleus? 有什么有力的证据说明电子是在原子核外面？（由于这是特殊疑问句，evidence 必须随它的定语 what 提到句首。evidence 后面由 that 引导的同位语从句如果也随之提前，就出现“头重脚轻”的句子结构，即主语部分太长，谓语短又位于句子末尾。为避免这种不匀称的句子结构，就产生被说明的名词和同位语从句割裂的现象。）
The question has been put to you whether you will exchange seats with him. 已向你提出了你是否和他调换座位的问题。（若同位语从句位于所说明的名词 question 后面，就会造成“头重脚轻”的句子结构，故两者被迫分割，使句子结构匀称平衡。）
Ⅴ. 注意有时一个名词是整个主句的同位语。例如：

Practice is the sole criterion for testing truth-a principle which should be followed, whether you engage in political activities or scientific and technological work. 实践是检验真理的唯一标准，这是一条必须遵循的原则，不管你从事政治活动还是科技工作。