插入语及插入句用法
插入语通常与句中其它成分没有语法上的关系，多半用逗号与句子隔开，用来表示说话者对句子所表达的意思的态度。插入语可能是一个词、一个短语或一个句子。

一、常用作插入语的副词举例
indeed 的确，certainly 当然，surely 无疑，however 然而，obviously（或 clearly，evidently）显然，apparently 很明显，frankly 坦率地说，naturally 自然，luckily (或 happily) for sb. 算某人幸运，fortunately 幸好，strangely 奇怪，honestly 真的，briefly 简单地说等

1. This computer is up to date,indeed.
2. Certainly, she won't go to China Telecom with you.
3. Strangely, he has not been to China Unicom. Still more strangely, he has not called me.
4. Fortunately, I found the book that I'd lost.

注：注意同一个副词有时作插入语，有时却作状语。
Frankly, I haven't been to Shangehai Musemun yet.
Could yout express your idea frankly.

二、形容词或其短语作插入语举例
true 真的，funny 真可笑，strange to say 说也奇怪，need less to say 不用说，most important of all 最为重要的，worse still 更糟糕的等
Strange to say, he should have done such a thing.
Most important of all, you each over fulfilled your own task.

三、介词短语作插入语举例
in a few words (或 in sum, in short) 简而言之，in other words 换句话说，in a sense 在某种意义上，in general 一般说来，in my view 在我看来，in his opinion (或 judgement) 按照他的意见（或判断），in conclusion 总之，in summary 概括地说，in fact 事实上，in the first place 首先，in addition 此外，of course 当然，to our knowledge 据我们所知，to her thinking (或 mind) 在她看来，to my joy (或 delight, satisfaction) 使我欣慰（或高兴、满意）的，to their surprise（或 astonishment, amazement）使他们惊奇的，to her regret（或 disappointment）使她遗憾（或失望）的，to my belief 就我所信，for instance (或 example) 例如, as a matter of fact 事实上等

1. In general, he confined himeself to Mba.
2. Of course he did not succeed for the lack of experience.
   Of course I should like everything to be going smoothly.
3. She knows moch more about computer science than do the other students,for instance.

四、常用作插入语的分词短语举
strictly speaking 严格地说；generally speaking 一般地说，judging from… 根据……判断等。
General speaking, the major reason for soil erosion is the low coverage rate of grass.
Judeing form his letter, a campaign against white pollution has been undertaken in his hometown.
不要理解为现在分词短语作状语，因为上两句中的 speaking 和 judging 的动作不是句中主语发出的。

注：不要理解为现在分词短语作状语，因为上两句中的 speaking 和 judging 的动作不是句中主语发出的。

五、常用作插入语的不定式短语举例
so to speak 可说是，or to say 或者说，to be sure 无疑地，to sum up 概括地说，to tell the truth 老实说等
To sum up, success results from hard work.
To be sure, community service can aid re-employment.
To start with, China is ready to strengthen scientific and technological cooperation with many countries.(science)


六、插入句举例
I am sure 可以肯定地说；I believe 我相信；I think (或 suppose) 我想；I hope 我希望；you know 你知道；you see 你明白；I wonder 我不知道；that is（或 i.e. ）也就是说；it is said 据说；it seems 看来是；know it 就我们所知；as I see it 照我看来；what is important (或 serious) 重要（或严重）的是；what worries me 使我担心的是；I’m afraid 我怕等
1. It will result in success, I suppose.
2. I believe, up to the present, quite a lot of high technological companies have been built in this district.
3. We left our university last month, that is to say, in May this year.
4. One day,it is said, NEWTON saw an apple fall form a tree.
5. As we konw it,these cities have about one million internet usres.
6. What is more important, information super highways can carry great amouts of information around the counrty quickly and cheaply.

七、以一般疑问句形式构成的插入句用于特殊疑问句中
















